This is a report of the list of artists that appear on Spotify's
Top 200 list in the United States for the week of August 27, 2020.
The following names in the report are in alphabetical order.

$uicideBoy$ appears 1 time on the list.
24kGoldn appears 1 time on the list.
6ix9ine appears 1 time on the list.
Ava Max appears 1 time on the list.
Arizona Zervas appears 1 time on the list.
Ariana Grande appears 1 time on the list.
Billie Eilish appears 5 times on the list.
BØRNS appears 1 time on the list.
BTS appears 1 time on the list.
Bea Miller appears 1 time on the list.
BENEE appears 1 time on the list.
Conan Gray appears 2 times on the list.
Chris Brown appears 2 times on the list.
City Girls appears 1 time on the list.
Claire Rosinkranz appears 1 time on the list.
Curtis Waters appears 1 time on the list.
Cardi B appears 1 time on the list.
Drake appears 4 times on the list.
DJ Khaled appears 2 times on the list.
Doja Cat appears 1 time on the list.
Dua Lipa appears 2 times on the list.
Dan + Shay appears 2 times on the list.
DaBaby appears 4 times on the list.
Diplo appears 1 time on the list.
Don Toliver appears 1 time on the list.
Eminem appears 1 time on the list.
Future appears 2 times on the list.
Grouplove appears 1 time on the list.
Gunna appears 1 time on the list.
G Herbo appears 1 time on the list.
Gabby Barrett appears 1 time on the list.
Harry Styles appears 3 times on the list.
Internet Money appears 1 time on the list.
Jack Harlow appears 2 times on the list.
J. Cole appears 3 times on the list.
Juice WRLD appears 20 times on the list.
Justin Bieber appears 1 time on the list.
Jawsh 685 appears 1 time on the list.
Jason Derulo appears 1 time on the list.
Joji appears 1 time on the list.
JACKBOYS appears 1 time on the list.
Joel Corry appears 1 time on the list.
J Balvin appears 1 time on the list.
JP Saxe appears 1 time on the list.
James Arthur appears 1 time on the list.
Kane Brown appears 1 time on the list.
KAROL G appears 1 time on the list.
Kendrick Lamar appears 1 time on the list.
Lewis Capaldi appears 2 times on the list.
Lil Uzi Vert appears 4 times on the list.
Lady Gaga appears 1 time on the list.
Lil Baby appears 5 times on the list.
Lil Tjay appears 1 time on the list.
Lil Mosey appears 1 time on the list.
Lil Tecca appears 1 time on the list.
Luke Combs appears 1 time on the list.
Luke Bryan appears 1 time on the list.
Lil Durk appears 1 time on the list.
Lil Peep appears 1 time on the list.
Lizzo appears 1 time on the list.
Labrinth appears 1 time on the list.
Morgan Wallen appears 5 times on the list.
Migos appears 1 time on the list.
Miley Cyrus appears 1 time on the list.
Megan Thee Stallion appears 3 times on the list.
Money Man appears 1 time on the list.
Maroon 5 appears 2 times on the list.
Moneybagg Yo appears 1 time on the list.
Mustard appears 1 time on the list.
Marshmello appears 1 time on the list.
Maddie & Tae appears 1 time on the list.
Machine Gun Kelly appears 1 time on the list.
Maluma appears 1 time on the list.
Meek Mill appears 1 time on the list.
NLE Choppa appears 2 times on the list.
NextYoungin appears 1 time on the list.
Nio Garcia appears 1 time on the list.
Noah Cyrus appears 1 time on the list.
Post Malone appears 7 times on the list.
Pop Smoke appears 6 times on the list.
Polo G appears 4 times on the list.
Powfu appears 1 time on the list.
Peach Tree Rascals appears 1 time on the list.
Roddy Ricch appears 2 times on the list.
Rod Wave appears 2 times on the list.
Social House appears 1 time on the list.
Surfaces appears 1 time on the list.
Surf Mesa appears 1 time on the list.
SAINt JHN appears 1 time on the list.
StaySolidRocky appears 1 time on the list.
Saweetie appears 1 time on the list.
Taylor Swift appears 12 times on the list.
Tones And I appears 1 time on the list.
Tate McRae appears 1 time on the list.
THE SCOTTS appears 1 time on the list.
Travis Scott appears 4 times on the list.
The Killers appears 1 time on the list.
The Weeknd appears 1 time on the list.
The Neighbourhood appears 1 time on the list.
Topic appears 1 time on the list.
The Kid LAROI appears 1 time on the list.
Trevor Daniel appears 1 time on the list.
Tame Impala appears 1 time on the list.
Wallows appears 1 time on the list.
XXXTENTACION appears 4 times on the list.
YNW Melly appears 2 times on the list.
YoungBoy Never Broke Again appears 1 time on the list.
blackbear appears 2 times on the list.
iann dior appears 1 time on the list.

There are 109 artists on the list.
